
7.7mm holes for pots:

	 [ -20,40] [ 0,40] [ 20,40 ]

	 [ -20,15] [ 0,15] [ 20,15 ]

12.5mm hole for stomp:

		[ 0, -44 ]

6mm hole for LED

		[-14, -44 ]

Vertical space is a bit more exciting and the measurements can't just be
taken from the PCB.  From the top of the *inside* of the 1590B, we have

 9 mm for potentiometer board (7mm for low-profile pots, 1.6mm board)

 11 mm for pin header board-to-board distance

so the top of the base board is at a minimum 20mm from the inside top of
the enclosure.

The Daisy Seed is also 9mm high (with the plastic SWD cover in place),
and also has the pin header board-to-board connection, so 20mm there
too.

Finally, the height of the momentary stomp switch is at about 21mm.

End result: the stomp switch ends up standing up the highest, but all
are in the same comfortable ballpark.  If the stomp switch was a real
problem, both the latching "real" 3DPT one (at 16mm high, but needing
more board space) or the compact one (Tayda A-1884 at 13mm high, but
smaller switch height) would work.

Anyway, "20-21 mm vertical space from top of base board" in a 1590B is
pretty much optimal: the inner enclosure depth is 24.8mm (Hammond says
25mm, Tayda says 24.9mm, and I'm measuring right under and being
conservative).

With the lip of the lid is 2mm (Tayda says 2.1mm), so we basically have
22.8mm free and clear (and then ~4mm component space inside the lid).

With the standard PCB thickness of 1.6mm, we're on the money with the
21mm of vertical space.

So while the 1590B is actually shallower than the 1590A was, and the
Neutrik connectors are physically higher than the ones I used for the
1590A enclosure (13mm vs 11mm), we have less vertical space constraints
because the audio jacks are not under the potentiometer board so the
"low profile" setup with the legs sticking out below the potentiometer
board works better.

With the top of the base board at 21mm from the (inner) top, the center
of the audio jack drill will be 14.5mm from the top.  The enclosure wall
thickness is 2mm (Tayda says 2.1mm), so 16.5mm from the outer top.

Or alternatively, counting from the bottom: 2.1mm lid lip, 1.6mm board
height, and center of audio jack 6.5mm above board: 10.2 mm from the
bottom of the 1590B box.

Tayda's box tool drill pattern measures from the middle, but it's not
actually clear what the middle of the drill pattern is, since Tayda
doesn't drill to the lower edge (~1mm space) and I'd have expected not
into the top of the box (~2.5mm).  But the drill tool allows me to
specify a side drill hole up to 26.5mm high on a 27mm tall side.  Funky.

Result: "3mm from center line" seems to be the right place to drill the
hole for the audio jack.

9.5mm side jacks:

	C: [ -3, -26 ]
	E: [  3, -26 ]

with rectangular cutouts for the underside:

	C: center:[ -8.75, -26 ] height: 9.5 width :9
	E: center:[  8.75, -26 ] height: 9.5 width: 9

and power jack (11.5mm high hole, 9.5mm wide) + 3mm extra from bottom,
so 15mm high.

	B: center: [ 0, 6 ] height: 14.5 width: 9.5
